What's New 105 (#2137)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2022/09/devtools-105.md

<!-- See also:
* []()
* []() -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
<!-- ## 3 -->

<!-- Title:  -->
<!-- Subtitle: . -->

<!-- ![3](./devtools-105-images/pngtemplate.png) -->

<!-- See also:
* []()
* []() -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
<!-- ## 4 -->

<!-- Title:  -->
<!-- Subtitle: . -->

<!-- ![4](./devtools-105-images/pngtemplate.png) -->

<!-- See also:
* []()
* []() -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Announcements from the Chromium project

Microsoft Edge 105 also includes the following updates from the Chromium project:

* [Step-by-step replay in the Recorder](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-105/#recorder)
* [Support mouse over event in the Recorder panel](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-105/#recorder-hover)
* [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) in the Performance insights panel](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-105/#lcp)
* [Identify flashes of text (FOIT, FOUT) as potential root causes for layout shifts](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-105/#foit-fout)

> * [Protocol handlers in the Manifest pane](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-105/#manifest)

Author: ```suggestion
```
@captainbrosset - I moved your comment here to /09/ dir's .md.  Do you specifically mean remove "* [Protocol handlers in the Manifest pane](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-105/#manifest)"?

Reviewer: Yes, since we developed this feature, it should have its own separate announcement as a h2 header (like "Improved reliability in Issues tool"), instead of being lost in the Chromium project announcements.

author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 09/01/2022
---
# What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 105)

[!INCLUDE [Microsoft Edge team note for top of What's New](../../includes/edge-whats-new-note.md)]

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Test your PWA's protocol handlers from the Application tool  

<!-- Rank: 1 -->
<!-- Title: Test your PWA's protocol handlers from the Application tool  -->
<!-- Subtitle: From the Manifest section of the Application tool, you can now provide custom protocols to launch your PWA. -->

In Microsoft Edge 105, the **Application** tool now supports testing protocol handlers. Since Microsoft Edge 96, you've been able to define protocol handlers in the application manifest of your Progressive Web App (PWA). Now you can  test those protocols from the **Application** tool itself in DevTools if you have your PWA installed. 

With DevTools open against your PWA:
1. Open the **Application** tool.
2. Expand the Manifest dropdown.

> 3. Select the 'Protocol Handlers' entry in the dropdown.

Author: rewrote section already in commit at same time @zoherghadyali 
you should re-review.
I'm doing Find "resolve con" in this Outdated view in the PR.  12 comments probably from you.

4. Select the protocol you want to test from the dropdown.
5. Enter in the URL or endpoint that you would like to test.
6. Select **Test Protocol**.

The **Application** tool will attempt to launch your PWA with the protocol and URL you specified. The browser asks for permission to open the application, and then prompts you to confirm that you want to handle the protocol and the app you'd like to launch. If you give permission, your app will open with the specified content.

> ![Protocol Handler](./devtools-105-images/protocol-handler.png)

Reviewer 2: For this image, can you type in something to the textbox, like "americano" so it's clear that you're testing a protocol? In the current screenshot, the textbox is blank

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

## Edit and resend network requests more reliably in the Network Console tool

<!-- RANK 3 -->
<!-- Title: Edit and resend network requests more reliably in the Network Console tool  -->
<!-- Subtitle: Modify and resend network requests that have been logged in the Network tool with the Network Console tool. -->

Previously in Microsoft Edge, selecting **Edit and resend** for a network request from the Network tool may not have reliably opened the Network Console tool and prepopulated it with the values from the request. 

In Microsoft Edge 105, this issue has been fixed. The **Edit and resend** now prepopulates the **Network Console** tool with the values for the network request that you are looking to resend. You can continue to modify these values before sending the request from the **Network Console** tool. Thank you for sending us your feedback about this issue!

Right-click the network request that you want to change and resend, and then select **Edit and Resend**.

> ![Edit and Resent](./devtools-105-images/edit-and-resend.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Edit and Resend](./devtools-105-images/edit-and-resend.png)
```

> In the Network Console, edit the network request information, and then click the *Send* button.

Author: already fixed per my conventions, in previous commit fyi @zoherghadyali

![Network Console Edit and Send](./devtools-105-images/networkconsole-edit.png)

See also:
* [Compose and send web API requests using the Network Console tool](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network-console/network-console-tool#starting-from-the-network-tool)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View

<!-- Title: Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View -->
<!-- Subtitle: Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View. -->

Several improvements to [Focus Mode](/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode) in existing location controls for DevTools have been made, including a new control for changing the orientation of **Quick View**.

> The Settings menu now provides options for changing DevTools between docked locations and a separate window. This menu also contains settings for how the **Activity Bar** is displayed. Starting in Edge 105, these options can be navigated and changed more quickly. The previous submenus have been replaced with toggle buttons. Additionally, improved contrast means the option you have selected is more easily visible at a glance.

Author: merged with my revisions from later commit

Before:

![Focus Mode Before](./devtools-105-images/before-docking-menu.png) 

After:

![Focus Mode After](./devtools-105-images/after-docking-menu.png)

> You can now change the orientation of the **Quick View** panel as well. To change Quick View to a vertical split, select the location toggle (**Dock Quick View to the right**). Selecting this toggle a second time will return **Quick View** to a horizontal split.

Author: merged my rewrite from recent commit with this comment

> ![Quick View from Console](./devtools-105-images/quickview-console.png) 

Reviewer 2: This image does not seem correct. I would recommend drawing a red box not around Quick View but the toggle button for the orientation: 
<img width="961" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34316555/187559658-194fe9c6-b7ed-4e39-bdff-9b169e381b9a.png">

To minimize **Quick View**, use the **Collapse** toggle or press `Esc`:

> ![Focus Mode Improved Location Control](./devtools-105-images/focus-mode-improved-location-controls.png)

Reviewer 2: This image also does not seem correct. I would recommend drawing a red box around the collapse button for Quick View: 
<img width="961" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34316555/187559897-d1fa4946-0959-41b7-b5e7-46a6242144f0.png">

Author: @zoherghadyali - work item = collapsed to the right actually

See also:
* [Simplify DevTools using Focus Mode](../../../experimental-features/focus-mode.md)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

## Fix: Search in the Sources and Network tools now works as expected in Focus Mode

<!-- Rank 4 -->
<!-- Title: Fix: Search in the Sources and Network tools now works as expected in Focus Mode  -->
<!-- Subtitle: Try Focus Mode, a new, more simplified, and streamlined UI for DevTools!-->

![Focus Mode experiment](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode#enable-focus-mode) in previous versions of Microsoft Edge didn't properly showcase the Search feature in the Network tool nor the *Search in all files* feature in the Sources tool. In Microsoft Edge version 105, these issues have been fixed.

You can now search in the **Network** tool via the **Search** icon.  

![Networking Search](./devtools-105-images/networking-search.png)

> You can leverage the *Search in all files* feature in the Sources tool by opening the context menu on files in the Page section.  This will display the Search tool in the **Quick View**.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as earlier. Why italicize context menu entries? I think we should be consistent

Author: fixed in recent commit, thus Outdated comment

![Networking Search All](./devtools-105-images/search2.png)

See also:
* [Inspect network activity](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/#search-network-headers-and-responses)
* [Find source files for a page using the Search tool](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/search/search-tool)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Improved reliability in the Issues tool
<!-- Rank 6 -->
<!-- Title: Improved reliability in Issues tool -->
<!-- Subtitle: A bug that sometimes resulted in issues not appearing has been fixed.. -->

> In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, there was a bug that that caused issues to not appear in the **Issues** tool.  This bug has been fixed, resulting in improved reliability.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, there was a bug that that caused issues to not appear in the **Issues** tool.  This bug has been fixed in Microsoft Edge 105.
```

Right-click the network request that you want to change and resend, and then select **Edit and Resend**:

![Edit and Resend](./devtools-105-images/edit-and-resend.png)

In the **Network Console**, edit the network request information, and then click the **Send** button:

![Network Console Edit and Send](./devtools-105-images/networkconsole-edit.png)

See also:
* [Compose and send web API requests using the Network Console tool](../../../network-console/network-console-tool.md#starting-from-the-network-tool)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View

<!-- Title: Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View -->
<!-- Subtitle: Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View. -->

In Microsoft Edge 105, several improvements to location controls have been made in [Focus Mode](/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode), including a new option for changing the orientation of **Quick View**.

> The **Customize and control DevTools** (**...**) menu now directly provides options for changing the docking location of DevTools.  This menu also contains settings for where the **Activity Bar** is displayed.  The previous submenus have been replaced with toggle buttons.  Additionally, improved contrast means the option you have selected is more easily visible at a glance.

Reviewer 2: This last sentence is phrased a little awkwardly. I tried to improve it but I'm fine with whatever you think is best.
```suggestion
The **Customize and control DevTools** (**...**) menu now directly provides options for changing the docking location of DevTools.  This menu also contains settings for where the **Activity Bar** is displayed.  The previous submenus have been replaced with toggle buttons.  Additionally, improved contrast means the currently selected option is more easily visible at a glance.
```

Returning **Quick View** to the horizontal orientation:

![Docking Quick View to the bottom](./devtools-105-images/dock-quick-view-bottom.png)

To minimize **Quick View** in either orientation, click the **Collapse Quick View** toggle button, or press `Esc`:

![Minimizing Quick View](./devtools-105-images/focus-mode-improved-location-controls.png)

See also:
* [Simplify DevTools using Focus Mode](../../../experimental-features/focus-mode.md)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Fix: Search in the Sources and Network tools now works as expected in Focus Mode

<!-- Title: Fix: Search in the Sources and Network tools now works as expected in Focus Mode  -->
<!-- Subtitle: Try Focus Mode, a new, more simplified, and streamlined UI for DevTools! -->

In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, the Focus Mode experiment didn't properly showcase the **Search** feature in the **Network** tool or the **Search in all files** feature in the **Sources** tool.  In Microsoft Edge 105, these issues have been fixed.

You can now search in the **Network** tool via the **Search** icon:

![Networking Search](./devtools-105-images/networking-search.png)

> To search in all files in the **Sources** tool, right-click a window icon node or a cloud icon node in the **Page** section, and then select **Search in all files**.  Or right-click a folder icon node and then select **Search in folder**.  This displays the **Search** tool in **Quick View**:

Reviewer 2: We can cut the **Search in folder** feature since this fix was specifically about **Search in all files**.

```suggestion
To search in all files in the **Sources** tool, right-click the `top` window or any domain in the **Page** section, and then select **Search in all files**. 
```

> ---

Author: clean up build warnings
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2137#issuecomment-1230734294

Reviewer 3: Yes, i am aware of those thanks.  We wanted to get this to the PMs beforefixing those.  And you told me to do those last, but I am on it.

> title: What's new in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 105)

Author: delete file pngtemplate.png (nice to do)

Reviewer 3: Done

> description: "Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View. Improved reliability in Issues tool. And more."

Author: I'd compress all 5 items into here, keeping And More at end.  character limit 350 chars[confirm] inside the quotes.

author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 09/01/2022
---
# What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 105)

[!INCLUDE [Microsoft Edge team note for top of What's New](../../includes/edge-whats-new-note.md)]

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Test your PWA's protocol handlers from the Application tool-->

Author: ```suggestion
## Test your PWA's protocol handlers from the Application tool
```

<!-- Rank: 1 -->
<!-- Title: Test your PWA's protocol handlers from the Application tool  -->
<!-- Subtitle: From the Manifest section of the Application tool, you can now provide custom protocols to launch your PWA. -->

> In Microsoft Edge 105, the Application tool now supports testing protocol handlers. Since Microsoft Edge 96, you've been able to define protocol handlers in the application manifest of your PWA. Now you can  test those protocols from the Application tool itself in DevTools if you have your PWA installed. 

Author: expand first occurrence of PWA in body text

> In Microsoft Edge 105, the Application tool now supports testing protocol handlers. Since Microsoft Edge 96, you've been able to define protocol handlers in the application manifest of your PWA. Now you can  test those protocols from the Application tool itself in DevTools if you have your PWA installed. 

Author: ```suggestion
In Microsoft Edge 105, the Application tool now supports testing protocol handlers. Since Microsoft Edge 96, you've been able to define protocol handlers in the application manifest of your Progressive Web App (PWA). Now you can  test those protocols from the Application tool itself in DevTools if you have your PWA installed. 
```

With DevTools open against your PWA:

> 1. Open the Application tool.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open the **Application** tool.
```
usually bold unless don't want to call attention to it

Reviewer 3: done

> 2. Expand the Manifest dropdown.
> 3. Select the Protocol Handlers entry in the dropdown.
> 4. Select the protocol you want to test from the dropdown.
> 5. Enter in the URL or endpoint that you would like to test.
> 6. Select **Test Protocol**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Expand the Manifest dropdown.
1. Select the Protocol Handlers entry in the dropdown.
1. Select the protocol you want to test from the dropdown.
1. Enter in the URL or endpoint that you would like to test.
1. Select **Test Protocol**.
```

The Application tool will attempt to launch your PWA with the protocol and URL you specified. The browser asks for permission to open the application, and then prompts you to confirm that you want to handle the protocol and the app you'd like to launch. If you give permission, your app will open with the specified content.

> <!-- (how to configure the DevTools correctly, a website or CodePen that the writer can use, where to navigate in the DevTools UI for the screenshot, etc.)

Author: delete comment after done using it

Refer to the attachment.

To take your own screenshot:
1. Open Microsoft Edge Beta, Dev, or Canary (just go to edge://version and ensure you're on version 105+)
2. Navigate to URL protocol handler (protocol-handler.glitch.me).
3. Install the PWA (see docs).
4. Open DevTools > Application tool.
5. Select the Manifest dropdown to expand it.
6. Select the Protocol Handler entry in the dropdown.
7 With the web+coffee:// protocol selected, enter into the textbox "americano".
8 Take a screenshot. Draw red highlight boxes over the "Protocol handlers" entry in the Manifest dropdown and around the Protocol Handlers section in the panel. -->

> ![1](./devtools-105-images/protocol-handler.png)

Author: put real alt text instead of "1"

Reviewer: To improve this image, you could also add a red box around the protocol handlers section, and add some text in the textfield next to web+coffee://, to show users that's where they're supposed to be testing their protocols.

Reviewer 3: So at the last minute it was decided not to use the text in the box because Americano might not always be there, but I added the red box around the textfield as that's smart.

See also:

* [Test Progressive Web App (PWA) protocol handling](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/progressive-web-apps/protocol-handlers)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

## Edit and resend network requests more reliably in the Network Console tool

<!-- RANK 3 -->
<!-- Title: Edit and resend network requests more reliably in the Network Console tool  -->
<!-- Subtitle: Modify and resend network requests that have been logged in the Network tool with the Network Console tool. -->

Previously in Microsoft Edge, selecting **Edit and resend** for a network request from the Network tool may not have reliably opened the Network Console tool and prepopulated it with the values from the request. 

> In Microsoft Edge 105, this issue has been fixed. The **Edit and resend** now prepopulates the Network Console tool with the values for the network request that you are looking to resend. You can continue to modify these values before sending the request from the Network Console tool. Thank you for sending us your feedback about this issue!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Microsoft Edge 105, this issue has been fixed. The **Edit and resend** now prepopulates the **Network Console** tool with the values for the network request that you are looking to resend. You can continue to modify these values before sending the request from the **Network Console** tool. Thank you for sending us your feedback about this issue!
```

Reviewer 3: Fixed

> Right-click the network request that you want to change and resend, and then select *Edit and Resend*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right-click the network request that you want to change and resend, and then select **Edit and Resend**.
```

> [1](./devtools-105-images/edit-and-resend.msft.png

Author: ```suggestion
![1](./devtools-105-images/edit-and-resend.msft.png)
```

Reviewer 3: done

> [1](./devtools-105-images/edit-and-resend.msft.png

Author: broken image.  rendered:
https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2022/09/devtools-105?branch=pr-en-us-2137#edit-and-resend-network-requests-more-reliably-in-the-network-console-tool

In the Network Console, edit the network request information, and then click the *Send* button.

> [2](./devtools-105-images/networkconsole-edit.msft.png

Author: ```suggestion
![2](./devtools-105-images/networkconsole-edit.msft.png)
```

Reviewer: Also please add an empty line before the image, so that it becomes its own paragraph in the rendered page.

Author: I revised the Suggestion to add an empty line, and to remove .msft per your images comment.

Reviewer 3: Done

See also:
* [Compose and send web API requests using the Network Console tool](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network-console/network-console-tool#starting-from-the-network-tool)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View

> <!-- Rank 3 -->

Author: probably delete Rank comments from file.  3 is twice.  they changed.

<!-- Title: Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View -->
<!-- Subtitle: Focus Mode: Improved location controls for DevTools, Activity Bar, and Quick View. -->

> Several improvements to [Focus Mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode) in existing location controls for DevTools have been made, including a new control for changing the orientation of Quick View.

Author: Global: add bold to Quick View and Activity Bar per conventions in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode

Reviewer 3: fixed in local and will publish edits

The Settings menu now provides options for changing DevTools between docked locations and a separate window. This menu also contains settings for how the Activity Bar is displayed. Starting in Edge 105, these options can be navigated and changed more quickly. The previous submenus have been replaced with toggle buttons. Additionally, improved contrast means the option you have selected is more easily visible at a glance.

Before:

> ![1 before](./devtools-105-images/before-docking-menu.msft.png)

Author: need real alt-text

Reviewer 3: done for all

After:

> ![1 after](./devtools-105-images/after-docking-menu.msft.png)

Reviewer: Also this image is incorrect. This is not the "after" image. This is a screenshot of the menu in DevTools **without** focus mode.
Please enable Focus Mode by going to the settings (F1) > Experiments and selecting the Focus Mode checkbox.

Please try to make the before and after images as similar as possible in terms of window size and devtools layout, and add red boxes around the parts that changed in both screenshots.

> ![1 after](./devtools-105-images/after-docking-menu.msft.png)

Reviewer 3: Fixed number 1.  Looking at 2.

> ![1 after](./devtools-105-images/after-docking-menu.msft.png)

Reviewer 3: fixed all of the images in that section

<!-- 
Screenshot 1, "before" in Edge 104: Ensure Focus Mode is enabled. Open Settings menu, then navigate to the docking submenu to show options.
Screenshot 1, "after" in Edge 105: Ensure Focus Mode is enabled. Open Settings menu to show DevTools docking location and Activity Bar location settings. -->

You can now change the orientation of the Quick View panel as well. To change Quick View to a vertical split, select the location toggle (**Dock Quick View to the right**). Selecting this toggle a second time will return Quick View to a horizontal split.

> ![2](./devtools-105-images/quickview-console.png) 

Author: Create actual final-quality screenshot, crisper, red boxes instead of rough arrows

Reviewer 3: I fixed the screenshots

> ![2](./devtools-105-images/quickview-console.png) 

Reviewer 3: added

<!-- 
Screenshot 2: Ensure Focus Mode is enabled. With Elements open in main panel and Console in Quick View, press the location toggle at the top right of Quick View to change its orientation to vertical. -->

> To minimize Quick View, use the **Collapse** toggle or press `Escape`:

Author: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/term-collections/keys-keyboard-shortcuts - "Always use Esc, not Escape."
```suggestion
To minimize Quick View, use the **Collapse** toggle or press `Escape`:
```
```suggestion
To minimize Quick View, use the **Collapse** toggle or press `Escape`:
```
```suggestion
To minimize Quick View, use the **Collapse** toggle or press `Escape`:
```
```suggestion
To minimize Quick View, use the **Collapse** toggle or press `Esc`:
```

Reviewer 3: fixed

> ![3](./devtools-105-images/focus-mode-improved-location-controls3.png)

Author: need real alt-text

Reviewer: Try to make this image as similar as possible with the previous image in the section. We want to create a sense of transition from the previous state to this state. It should be easy to see at a glance what pressing escape does. So, if the 2 images are identical with the only difference being that QuickView is closed, then it's easy to see what pressing escape does.

Reviewer 3: fixeddone

> <!-- Screenshot 3: Continuation of previous screenshot. Minimize Quick View in vertical orientation with with Esc keyboard shortcut. See below. -->

Author: delete comment when done w/ it

Reviewer 3: ok done

See also:
* [Simplify DevTools using Focus Mode](../../../experimental-features/focus-mode.md)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

## Fix: Search in the Sources and Network tools now works as expected in Focus Mode

<!-- Rank 4 -->
<!-- Title: Fix: Search in the Sources and Network tools now works as expected in Focus Mode  -->
<!-- Subtitle: Try Focus Mode, a new, more simplified, and streamlined UI for DevTools!-->

> [Focus Mode experiment](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode#enable-focus-mode) in previous versions of Microsoft Edge didn't properly showcase the Search feature in the Network tool nor the *Search in all files* feature in the Sources tool. In Microsoft Edge version 105, these issues have been fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
[Focus Mode experiment](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/focus-mode#enable-focus-mode) in previous versions of Microsoft Edge didn't properly showcase the Search feature in the **Network** tool nor the *Search in all files* feature in the **Sources** tool. In Microsoft Edge version 105, these issues have been fixed.
```

> You can now search in the Network tool via the Search icon.  

Author: ```suggestion
You can now search in the **Network** tool via the **Search** icon.  
```

> ![1](./devtools-105-images/networking-search.png)

Reviewer: This image needs a red box around the search icon since you've mentioned this icon in the previous paragraph.

Reviewer 3: fixed #1 working on theimage

> You can leverage the *Search in all files* feature in the Sources tool by opening the context menu on files in the Page section.  This will display the Search tool in the Quick View.

Author: ```suggestion
You can leverage the *Search in all files* feature in the **Sources** tool by opening the context menu on files in the **Page** section.  This will display the **Search** tool in the **Quick View**.
```

Author: i pulled then incorp'd

> ![2](./devtools-105-images/search2.png)

Author: possibly show Search tool in Quick View:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45407486/187328618-b6aa96b6-74db-4145-91ef-2768107f6df4.png)

Reviewer 3: This is the sht Zolmr wanted and helped me with.

> ![2](./devtools-105-images/networking-search2.png)

Author: img 2 is broken
rendered: 
https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2022/09/devtools-105?branch=pr-en-us-2137#fix-search-in-the-sources-and-network-tools-now-works-as-expected-in-focus-mode

<!-- Open Edge Beta, Dev, or Canary (navigate to edge://version and ensure you're on 105+)
1. Navigate to:  Simplify DevTools using Focus Mode - Microsoft Edge Development | Microsoft Docs
2. Open DevTools. Go to Settings > Experiments. Turn on Focus Mode. Reload DevTools
3. Open the Network tool. Refresh the page so you can see some network requests. Now select the Search (magnifying glass icon)
4. Take a screenshot
5. Open the Sources tool
6. Right-click docs.microsoft.com
7. Take a screenshot of the "Search in all files" context menu entry
8. Draw red highlight boxes around the Search icon and Search pane in the Network tool. Draw a red highlight box around the "Search in all files" entry in the context menu in the Sources tool. -->

> 

Author: global: During link cleanup pass, add .md at end of local links and remove left part of URL: https://docs.microsoft.com

Reviewer 3: done

See also:

> * [Inspect network activity - Microsoft Edge Development](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/#search-network-headers-and-responses)

Author: If this link is supposed to go to section anchor, replace link by:
* [Search network headers and responses](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/#search-network-headers-and-responses) in _Inspect network activity_.

If this link is supposed to go to whole article, remove anchor from link:
* [Inspect network activity](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/)

> * [Inspect network activity - Microsoft Edge Development](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/#search-network-headers-and-responses)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Search network headers and responses](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/#search-network-headers-and-responses) in _Inspect network activity_.
```

Reviewer 3: Adressed and they are going where they are supposed to go.

* [Find source files for a page using the Search tool ](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/search/search-tool)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Improved reliability in Issues tool

Author: ```suggestion
## Improved reliability in the Issues tool
```

Reviewer 3: fixed

<!-- Rank 6 -->

> <!-- Title: Improved reliability in Issues tool -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Title: Improved reliability in the Issues tool -->
```

Reviewer 3: fixed

> <!-- Subtitle: Improved reliability in Issues tool. -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Subtitle: A bug that sometimes resulted in issues not appearing has been fixed. -->
```

Reviewer 3: fixed

> In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, there was a bug that that caused issues not appearing in the **Issues** tool.  This bug has been fixed resulting in improved reliability.  

Author: ```suggestion
In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, there was a bug that that caused issues to not appear in the **Issues** tool.  This bug has been fixed resulting in improved reliability.  
```

> <!-- See also:

Author: link to Issues tool and un-comment the See Also block

> <!-- See also:
> * []()
> * []() -->

Author: ```suggestion
See also:
* [Find and fix problems using the Issues tool](../../../issues/index.md)
```

Reviewer 3: fixed
